[SDXL Dreambooth LoRA blog] - fix mistake in contents (#1729)
huggingface/blog: sdxl_lora_advanced_script.md

Contents:

1. Techniques/tricks

>     1. [Pivotal tuning](https://huggingface.co/blog/sdxl_lora_advanced_script#pivotal-tuning)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. [Pivotal tuning](#pivotal-tuning)
```

num_class_images = 150 
```

## Inference

> When doing pivotal tuning, besides the `*.safetensors` weights of your LoRA, there is also the `*.safetensors` embeddings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inference with models trained with the techniques above should work the same as with any trainer, except that , when we do pivotal tuning, besides the `*.safetensors` weights of your LoRA, there is also the `*.safetensors` text embeddings trained with the model
```
